# Algorithms-and-Data-structuresSolution to common data structure problems in Python## Linked List* Insert an element at the head.* Insert an element at tail.* Remove an element from the head.* Remove an element from tail.* Search if an element is present in the linked list.* Reverse the singly linked list.* Display all the elements.* Get the middle element.* Count the number of elements.* Left rotate the list by n items.* Detect a loop.* Circular linked list	* Insertion.	* Traversal.* Doubly Linked List	* Insert at the front of the list.	* Insert at the end of the list.	* Display all the items.	* Reverse the list.	* Remove an item from the list.## Stack* Push an element.* Pop from the stack.* Fetch the top item.* Get the number of items in the stack.## Queue* Enqueue an element.* Dequeue.* Get the front item.* Get the rear item.## Binary Search Tree* Iteratively insert an element.* Remove an element from the binary search tree.* Iteratively and recursively search an element.* Get the number of elements of the tree.* Find the maximum depth of the tree.* Get the minimum and maximum element from the binary search tree.* Traversal techniques.  * Breadth First Traversal  	* Level-Order Traversal using Queue  * Depth First Traversal  	* Inorder  	* Pre-order  	* Post-order* Print all nodes at a distance `k` from the root.## Hash Table* Insert a key, value pair.* Get value for a specific key from the hash map.## Trie* Insert a word.* Search if a word is present in a trie.## Searching* Linear Search* Binary Search## Sorting* Bubble sort* Insertion sort* Selection sort* Merge sort* Quicksort